2024-08: uefi v0.31 significant changes (#231)
rust-osdev/homepage: content/this-month/2024-08/index.md

    <<changelog, either in list or text form>>
-->

### [`uefi`](https://github.com/rust-osdev/uefi-rs)
<span class="maintainers">Maintained by [@GabrielMajeri](https://github.com/GabrielMajeri), [@nicholasbishop](https://github.com/nicholasbishop), and [@phip1611](https://github.com/phip1611)</span>

`uefi` makes it easy to develop Rust software that leverages safe, convenient,
and performant abstractions for UEFI functionality. Recently, we released 
version `v0.31` with some notable changes:

1. We introduced a completely new API to access boot and runtime services
2. We reorganized the MemoryMap-related types.

> 3. We reorganized the repository README's and `lib.rs` files (documentation for
>    docs.rs)
> 4. We talk about how the `std` implementation for UEFI targets compares to
>    `uefi` and how both can be used together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. We reorganized and improved the documentation, and also added documentation
   about how the `std` implementation for UEFI targets compares to `uefi` and
   how both can be used together.
```

Suggest merging 4 into 3 since they are both about docs and already combined in the longer description below.

### 1. New API: Freestanding Functions API Change

We are planning a massive API change and introduced a new replacement API in
release `v0.31`. The old API co-exists and will be marked as 
`#[deprecated]` in `0.32`. The new API will make it easier to call boot or 
runtime services without having to pass `&BootServices` around all the time.

> The typical use-case of our library users is to write UEFI image with code 
> leveraging boot services and exiting them. Next, control is handed over to the
> next step, which is typically a kernel of an OS. These UEFI images typically
> are "99% code" using boot services, until they are exited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The typical use-case of our library users is to write a UEFI bootloader
application that heavily leverages boot services. Then control is handed over to
the next stage, which is typically the kernel of an OS. Boot services are
usually exited either just prior to launching the kernel or by the kernel
itself. In any case, the UEFI application spends almost all of its time with
boot services active.
```

Suggesting some minor tweaks for clarity
